UltraThink in a sequential manner about what I just posted below, above, which is your understanding, and make sure now what we're going to do is I want you to create an entire plan that goes back, looks at the previous iteration plan, that was our validation, and actually does this correctly across all the platforms with a particular focus on web, meaning we're going to pause completely stopped after. I want to see every single component of the web application completely working, and then we only do SwiftUI. We're going to forget about React Native entirely for now. Basically, everything, every communication from front end to back end, including on the web, should never be running Supabase directly. It should always be a JSON API that we're calling, right? And that's why the curls exist. And so if the architecture is not correctly done, then this is a huge problem. I also need to see, and part of this plan, the first phase of this plan will be to inventory every single bit of code with probably five to ten different sub-agents for both of these phases, as well as the actual implementation too. This is meant to be an orchestrated flow. I need to have a real solid proof spec of our actual application, meaning we have these API calls, we have this database schema, we have these screens that call these APIs. We want the actual specification of our application and have that completely filled in so that we can identify potential gaps in our code correctly. But, you know, that probably does, like, where is our source of truth? That will live at the root level directory called, you know, spec that explains every single component of it. And one large file that will be appended to with different parts, right? And so you have to look up how to build in properly, build out the specifications and things like that, and actually have a true source of truth. There should be user experience screens designed out that we have in the application currently, the exact API calls they're making, how they're supposed to do that, that then eventually then what I said before here will properly be understood and actually then be adhered to. And so there are numerous phases to this plan. I expect you to be planning with multiple planning agents, and you obviously need to do an extreme code-based exploring and synthesizing of it, and you need to remember it and also check Claude Mem and use the Claude Mem MCP, sequentially think MCP, and you as the orchestrator. Right now, we'll also, for this planning process, we'll be producing those things in this plan, but also there needs to be an actual, to execute this plan that will also be done in tandem, right, in parallelization and orchestrated with various sub-agents, with success validation gates following the extremely successful, very extreme constraints of making sure that you actually visualize and look at the screenshots, right? Check the actual logs of the JSON of the back end and the front end to make sure that they both did what they were supposed to have done. That is really what the validation is.